idea: created internship competition (#9321)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/internship.md

---
date: 2024-09-06
title: Win an internship at PostHog and $25K
rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
featuredImage: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/posthog.com/contents/images/blog/migrating-hog.png
featuredImageType: full
category: Inside PostHog
---

For the first time _ever_ we are looking to hire 3 interns at PostHog. We very, very rarely hire people with no experience so this is a huge opportunity to join a genuinely world class tech team at a company that is rocketing in growth.

Competition will be fierce, this is how to get a spot.

## Criteria

> * You must be a developer but have less than 1 year of professional experience (!)

Reviewer: They don't want to exclude folks who haven't worked as a developer previously:
```suggestion
* You must have less than 1 year of professional experience as a software developer (!)
```

* You must be based between GMT+2 to GMT-8

## The competition

Between today and the 30th of September, we are looking for the best new product to be built into PostHog.

You can build _whatever_ you want. We have plenty of public info in terms of what we care about.

We are looking for:

> * products we could actually ship to real users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* products we could actually ship to real users (our strategy: ["to provide every tool needed to build successful products"](https://posthog.com/handbook/why-does-posthog-exist#provide-every-tool-needed-to-build-successful-products))
```

* things that have an impressive amount of scope

Go nuts - build a CRM, build a customer support, or something else.

## Rules

> * We will offer up to the best 3 submissions a (well paid) internship at PostHog and $25K (USD)

Reviewer: Honestly $25k is ludicrous, already $10k – in addition to the internship – would be amazing

Author: i'm surprised (which is great) and felt maybe this was under generous, ie "fuck i need to build an entire product to have a _shot_ at this".

how would you react were you 18 and applying _right now_? I'm really curious.

Reviewer: Coming back to this: I think I'd give this a shot if I were about to finish the school year, or have just started summer break. I wouldn't start it in August or September, just because of time constraints. So I think we should get back to this at the end of spring, and give it a serious shot then

* You need to accept the intership to receive the cash prize. The internship will be well paid.
* If we don't get any good submissions, we may award no one, but think that's very unlikely
* We own your work - we may even choose to ship your prouct for real.
* You must tell us roughly how much work you put into it to the nearest half a day

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must publish your work as a fork of [PostHog](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog).

```
